very good girls very good guys I am
expert and we are in a new news
of watts tops and she showed us how
you saw the game on playstation 4 today os
I bring a video of just about 20
seconds that shows how the game looks
in xbox one you have to say that with what
it's the same video quality not watts
beta dogs the supposed sales that
there are not already filtered because it comes
of it and that's how it would look like
in xbox one this news comes from the
website sex.com that at the same time
good courtesy of the forums this king
where the source description you have a
link to download the video yo
I recommend it if you want to appreciate better
the graphics in this version and nothing else
The truth is that it also has
screenshots with diamond in 1 2 3 4 5 6
7 8 9 10 11 12 14 images if I do not
mistaken
yes 3 4 5 10 13 images taken from the
version of xbox which are not powered
direct like yesterday's playstation
4 because we remember that xbox one does not
has the function of capturing as
playstation 4 therefore capturing
therefore screen
let's see what happens the truth and
think of yourselves I am giving you
the information is already short time but
you can see the effects
climatological and more details in this
video series and in these images no longer
You know, I want to know your comment
opinion on this thanks everyone for
be there remember we downloaded the app
pretend officer today today if
been everything works well we will take out the
update the new update that
will improve all the problems that you are
taking with the application we are at
everyone's stream first what
we will solve on android and then
windows phone and children is still in
approval process so that you do not
know
thank you all for being there and we
We see you at the next ciao